Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: kapteyn
Version: 2.3b2
Summary: Kapteyn Package: Python modules for astronomical applications
Home-page: http://www.astro.rug.nl/software/kapteyn/
Author: J.P. Terlouw, M.G.R. Vogelaar
Author-email: gipsy@astro.rug.nl
License: BSD
Download-URL: http://www.astro.rug.nl/software/kapteyn/kapteyn-2.3b2.tar.gz
Description: The Kapteyn Package is a collection of Python modules
        and applications developed by the computer group of the Kapteyn
        Astronomical Institute, University of Groningen, The Netherlands.  The
        purpose of the package is to provide tools for the development of
        astronomical applications with Python. 
        
        The package is suitable for both inexperienced and experienced users and
        developers and documentation is provided for both groups.  The
        documentation also provides in-depth chapters about celestial
        transformations, spectral translations and non-linear least squares fitting.
        
        The package's most important features:
        
            * The handling of spatial and spectral coordinates, WCS projections
              and transformations between different sky systems.  Spectral
              translations (e.g., between frequencies and velocities) are supported
              and also mixed coordinates.  (Modules wcs and celestial, Module wcs
              uses Mark Calabretta's WCSLIB which is distributed with the package.)
        
            * Versatile tools for writing small and dedicated applications for
              the inspection of FITS headers, the extraction and display of (FITS)
              data, interactive inspection of this data (color editing) and for the
              creation of plots with world coordinate information.  (Module maputils)
              As one example, a gallery of all-sky plots is provided. 
        
            * A class for the efficient reading, writing and manipulating simple
              table-like structures in text files.  (Module tabarray)
        
            * Utilities for use with matplotlib such as obtaining coordinate
              information from plots, interactively modifiable colormaps and timer
              events (module mplutil); tools for parsing and interpreting coordinate
              information entered by the user (module positions).
        
            * A function to search for gaussian components in a profile (module
              profiles) and a class for non-linear least squares curve fitting
              (module kmpfit)
Platform: Linux
Platform: Mac OSX
Platform: Windows
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Cython
Classifier: Programming Language :: C
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Astronomy
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Visualization
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Mathematics
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL)
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
